===Part 1: Keyboard Events===
  * Create a *new java project*.  You can use any name.
  * Create a new class, called EventDemo.  Copy the code below:
{{{
import java.awt.Frame;
import java.awt.TextField;
import java.awt.event.WindowAdapter;
import java.awt.event.WindowEvent;


public class EventDemo {
	private Frame window;
	private TextField field;
	
	public EventDemo(){
		window = new Frame("Event demo");
		window.setSize(300, 100);
		
		// Create a text field, add a listener, and add it to the window.
		field = new TextField();
		// **** Add listeners here :


                // *************************
		window.add(field);
		
		// Need this code to close the window
		window.addWindowListener(new WindowAdapter(){
			public void windowClosing(WindowEvent e){
				window.setVisible(false); window.dispose(); System.exit(0);
			}
		});
		window.setVisible(true);
	}
	
	public static void main(String[] args){
		EventDemo demo = new EventDemo();
	}
}

}}}

  * If you run the code now, you will see a window with a text box, that doesn't do anything else.
  * Now, create a *new class*, called KeysDemo.  This class will be used to listen to *key presses*.  Copy the code below into this class:
{{{
import java.awt.event.KeyEvent;
import java.awt.event.KeyListener;

Inspired by: http://download.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/uiswing/events/keylistener.html
public class KeysDemo implements KeyListener {

	// We listen to what happens to the key presses
	@Override
	public void keyPressed(KeyEvent e) {
		displayInfo(e, "PRESSED key: ");
	}

	@Override
	public void keyReleased(KeyEvent e) {
		displayInfo(e, "RELEASED key: ");
	}

	@Override
	public void keyTyped(KeyEvent e) {
		displayInfo(e, "TYPED key: ");
	}
	
	private void displayInfo(KeyEvent e, String keyStatus){
        
        //You should only rely on the key char if the event
        //is a key typed event.
        int id = e.getID();
        String keyString;
        if (id == KeyEvent.KEY_TYPED) {
            char c = e.getKeyChar();
            keyString = "key character = '" + c + "'";
        } else {
            int keyCode = e.getKeyCode();
            keyString = "key code = " + keyCode
                    + " ("
                    + KeyEvent.getKeyText(keyCode)
                    + ")";
        }
        
        String locationString = "key location: ";
        int location = e.getKeyLocation();
        if (location == KeyEvent.KEY_LOCATION_STANDARD) {
            locationString += "standard";
        } else if (location == KeyEvent.KEY_LOCATION_LEFT) {
            locationString += "left";
        } else if (location == KeyEvent.KEY_LOCATION_RIGHT) {
            locationString += "right";
        } else if (location == KeyEvent.KEY_LOCATION_NUMPAD) {
            locationString += "numpad";
        } else {
            locationString += "unknown";
        }
        System.out.print(keyStatus + "\n  " + keyString + "\n  " + locationString + "\n");
    }
}
}}}

  * Now, in *EventDemo*, add the listener as follows:
{{{
field.addKeyListener(new KeysDemo());
}}}
  * Run the program.  Make sure you can see the *Console*.  Try typing a letter into the text box.  What is printed in the Console?
  * When you type a letter, there are 3 events.  What are these 3?
  * Try pressing a different key, like Shift, or Ctrl.  How many events are there?
  * What happens if you hold down a key?
  * Try many different keys.  Is there a difference between left and right shift?  Can you find a key which has nothing printed?

===Part 2: Mouse Events===
  * Now, create a new class called MouseDemo.  Copy the code below:
{{{
import java.awt.event.MouseEvent;
import java.awt.event.MouseListener;

// Inspired by: http://download.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/uiswing/events/mouselistener.html
public class MouseDemo implements MouseListener {

	public void mousePressed(MouseEvent e) {
	       System.out.println("Mouse pressed; # of clicks: "
	                    + e.getClickCount());
	    }

	    public void mouseReleased(MouseEvent e) {
	       System.out.println("Mouse released; # of clicks: "
	                    + e.getClickCount());
	    }

	    public void mouseEntered(MouseEvent e) {
	       System.out.println("Mouse entered");
	    }

	    public void mouseExited(MouseEvent e) {
	       System.out.println("Mouse exited");
	    }

	    public void mouseClicked(MouseEvent e) {
	       System.out.println("Mouse clicked (# of clicks: "
	                    + e.getClickCount() + ")");
	    }
}
}}}
  * Now, you must add this event listener to EventDemo.  Use this line:
{{{
field.addMouseListener(new MouseDemo());
}}}
  * Run the program, and make sure you can see the *Console*.  Move the mouse into and out of the window.  What is printed in the Console?
  * Try clicking in the window.  How many events occur when you click?  What if you click, but don't let go?
  * Now, try clicking quickly, several times in a row.  What happens?