  * To start, we begin with a basic window, that has 9 buttons:
{{{
import java.awt.Button;
import java.awt.Choice;
import java.awt.Font;
import java.awt.Frame;
import java.awt.GridLayout;
import java.awt.Label;
import java.awt.TextField;
import java.awt.event.ActionEvent;
import java.awt.event.ActionListener;
import java.awt.event.WindowAdapter;
import java.awt.event.WindowEvent;
import java.util.Random;

import javax.swing.JOptionPane;


public class TTT extends Frame{

	Button squares[] = new Button[9];
	boolean xTurn = true;
	
	public TTT(){
		super("Tic-Tac-Toe");
		this.setSize(300, 300);

		// Add code here:		
		// The window will be a 3x3 grid
		this.setLayout(new GridLayout(3,3));
		
		for(int i=0; i<9; i++){
			Button b = new Button();
			squares[i] = b;
                        // Add code here:

                        //**********************
			this.add(b);
		}
		
		// If you do not have this code, you can not close
		// the window.
		this.addWindowListener(new WindowAdapter(){
			public void windowClosing(WindowEvent e){
				setVisible(false); dispose(); System.exit(0);
			}
		});
	}
	
	public static void main(String[] args) {
		// Create and display the window
		TTT game = new TTT();
		game.setVisible(true);
	}


}

}}}

  * Now, the only thing left is to add the listener for each of the buttons.  To start, add this:
{{{
	// This occurs every time a button  is clicked.
			b.addActionListener(new ActionListener(){
				public void actionPerformed(ActionEvent e){
					Button temp = ((Button)e.getSource());
					String label = temp.getLabel();
					if(label=="") {
						if(xTurn){
							temp.setLabel("X");
						}
						else{
							temp.setLabel("O");
						}
                                                xTurn = !xTurn;
                                                // Check for winning here:

                                                //**************
					}
				}
			});
}}}

  * Try running the game now.  You will see a board, and should be able to click and add X's and O's to it.  Make sure you see how the code is adding the X's and O's to the boards.
  * Now, you need to check if anyone has won the game.  There are 8 different ways to win tic tac toe, and we can check all of them.  The first way might be the top row:
{{{
if((squares[0].getLabel()==squares[1].getLabel() && squares[1].getLabel()==squares[2].getLabel() && squares[0].getLabel()!="")){
// A player won in the top row.
}
}}}
  * Add the needed code, using *OR*, to check if a player has won in any of the 8 possible places.
  * Use a JOptionPane to show a pop up window when a player has won.  You can do this as:
{{{
String player = "X";
if(xTurn) player = "O";
JOptionPane.showMessageDialog(null, player + " wins!");
}}}
  * Now, clear the board whenever a player wins the game.  Also, make sure you have checked for ties.