  * For practice with ports, try going in your browser to:
  * google.com:80
  * google.com:79
  * google.com:443
  * https://www.google.com:443
  * Which of these work, and which don't?  Why?

  * On your computer, go to a command prompt.  Type in 'netstat -a'.  This will show a list of all the places your computer is connected to, and what port.  Try going to a website, and observe the list.
  * Go to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_TCP_and_UDP_port_numbers to see what some of these ports correspond to.  Look at 80, 443, and 135

  * Create a new Java project, and copy the code below, into a class called Weather.
{{{
import java.io.BufferedReader;
import java.io.InputStreamReader;
import java.net.URL;
import java.net.URLConnection;

// Inspired by:
// http://download.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/networking/urls/readingWriting.html
public class Weather {
	public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
		// Change this string to 
		String location = "Milan+Italy";
		
		// Here, we make the HTTP request to google.
		URL weather = new URL("http://www.google.com/ig/api?weather=" + location);
        
		// Print all the information about this request.
		System.out.println("protocol = " + weather.getProtocol());
		System.out.println("authority = " + weather.getAuthority());
	    System.out.println("host = " + weather.getHost());
	    System.out.println("port = " + weather.getPort());
	    System.out.println("path = " + weather.getPath());
	    System.out.println("query = " + weather.getQuery());
	    System.out.println("filename = " + weather.getFile());
	    System.out.println("ref = " + weather.getRef());
	    System.out.println();
		
		// Connects to Google
		URLConnection weatherConnection = weather.openConnection();
        BufferedReader in = new BufferedReader(
                                new InputStreamReader(
                                weatherConnection.getInputStream()));
        
        // Lastly, read the response
        String inputLine;
        String response = "";
        while ((inputLine = in.readLine()) != null) 
            response += inputLine;
        in.close();
        printXML(response);
	}
	
	static private void printXML(String xml){
		for(int i=0; i<xml.length(); i++)
		{
			System.out.print(xml.charAt(i));
			if(xml.charAt(i)=='>')
			{
				System.out.println();
			}
		}
	}
}
}}}

  * Run the program.  What is the weather prediction?
  * Try changing the city.  Be sure to use a "+" between the city and country.
  * Try changing the city to "Milan Italy".  What error message do you get?
  * Now, delete the city, and try a different website.  What is the response you are getting?
  * Change the website to "http://www.qazxsw21.com/".  What is the response you get now?
  * For more information on HTTP response codes, look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes